pilz_industrial_motion_planner (#461)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/trapezoidal_industrial_planner/trapezoidal_industrial_planner.rst

   positions/velocities/accelerations of all joints (same order as the
   joint names) and time from start. The last point will have zero
   velocity and acceleration.
-  ``group_name``: name of the planning group
-  ``error_code/val``: error code of the motion planning

The LIN motion command
----------------------

This planner generates linear Cartesian trajectory between goal and
start poses. The planner uses the Cartesian limits to generate a
trapezoidal velocity profile in Cartesian space. The translational
motion is a linear interpolation between start and goal position vector.
The rotational motion is quaternion slerp between start and goal
orientation. The translational and rotational motion is synchronized in
time. This planner only accepts start state with zero velocity. Planning
result is a joint trajectory. The user needs to adapt the Cartesian
velocity/acceleration scaling factor if the motion plan fails due to
violation of joint space limits.

Input parameters in ``moveit_msgs::MotionPlanRequest``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  ``planner_id``: LIN
-  ``group_name``: name of the planning group

> -  ``max_velocity_scaling_factor``: scaling factor of maximal Cartesian

Author: Good question. The implementation scales the cartesian velocity, so that e.g. 1m/s maximum speed is executed with 0.25m/s for a `scaling_factor = 0.25`. Isn't that what you'd expect as a user of the planner?

> -  ``max_velocity_scaling_factor``: scaling factor of maximal Cartesian

Reviewer: Yes, but the name is the same as the scaling factor the `move_group` applies to each maximum joint velocity.

In cartesian space, I would agree if it was called `max_cartesian_velocity_scaling_factor`. But at that point, why not just make it `max_cartesian_velocity`? That's very desirable anyway, I remember it has come up in issues before.

Trapezoidal Industrial Planner
==============================

``trapezoidal_industrial_planner`` provides a trajectory generator to plan standard robot
motions like PTP, LIN, CIRC with the interface of a MoveIt PlannerManager
plugin.

User Interface MoveGroup
------------------------

This package implements the ``planning_interface::PlannerManager``
interface of MoveIt. By loading the corresponding planning pipeline
(``trapezoidal_planning_pipeline.launch.xml`` in your
``*_moveit_config`` package), the trajectory generation
functionalities can be accessed through the user interface (c++, python
or rviz) provided by the ``move_group`` node, e.g.
``/plan_kinematics_path`` service and ``/move_group`` action. For
detailed usage tutorials please refer to :doc:`/doc/move_group_interface/move_group_interface_tutorial`.

Joint Limits
------------

For all commands the planner needs to know the limitations of each robot
joint. The limits used are calculated from the limits set in the urdf as

> well as the limits set on the parameter server (usually put there by

Reviewer: I would note that the file is generated by the setup assistant and the average user does not need to worry about it.

Author: I've rephrased the paragraph; is it better now?

start poses. The planner uses the Cartesian limits to generate a
trapezoidal velocity profile in Cartesian space. The translational
motion is a linear interpolation between start and goal position vector.
The rotational motion is quaternion slerp between start and goal
orientation. The translational and rotational motion is synchronized in
time. This planner only accepts start state with zero velocity. Planning
result is a joint trajectory. The user needs to adapt the Cartesian
velocity/acceleration scaling factor if motion plan fails due to
violation of joint space limits.

Input parameters in ``moveit_msgs::MotionPlanRequest``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  ``planner_id``: LIN
-  ``group_name``: name of the planning group
-  ``max_velocity_scaling_factor``: scaling factor of maximal Cartesian
   translational/rotational velocity
-  ``max_acceleration_scaling_factor``: scaling factor of maximal
   Cartesian translational/rotational acceleration/deceleration
-  ``start_state/joint_state/(name, position and velocity``: joint
   name/position of the start state.
-  ``goal_constraints`` (goal can be given in joint space or Cartesian
   space)

>    -  for goal in joint space

Reviewer: Same for the other occurrences
```suggestion
   -  for a goal in joint space
```

      -  ``goal_constraints/joint_constraints/joint_name``: goal joint
         name
      -  ``goal_constraints/joint_constraints/position``: goal joint
         position

   -  for goal in Cartesian space

      -  ``goal_constraints/position_constraints/header/frame_id``:
         frame this data is associated with
      -  ``goal_constraints/position_constraints/link_name``: target
         link name
      -  ``goal_constraints/position_constraints/constraint_region``:
         bounding volume of the target point
      -  ``goal_constraints/position_constraints/target_point_offset``:
         offset (in the link frame) for the target point on the target
         link (optional)

-  max\_velocity\_scaling\_factor: rescale the maximal velocity
-  max\_acceleration\_scaling\_factor: rescale the maximal acceleration

> planning results in ``moveit_msg::MotionPlanResponse``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planning results in ``moveit_msg::MotionPlanResponse``
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> -  ``trajectory_start``: bypass the ``start_state`` in

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this one.

Author: Me neiter ;-) I'll have to find it out in the code. Probably the input state from the request is copied over to the response...

   ``moveit_msgs::MotionPlanRequest``
-  ``trajectory/joint_trajectory/joint_names``: a list of the joint
   names of the generated joint trajectory
-  ``trajectory/joint_trajectory/points/(positions,velocities,accelerations,time_from_start)``:
   a list of generated way points. Each point has
   positions/velocities/accelerations of all joints (same order as the
   joint names) and time from start. The last point will have zero
   velocity and acceleration.
-  ``group_name``: name of the planning group
-  ``error_code/val``: error code of the motion planning

The CIRC motion command
-----------------------

This planner generates a circular arc trajectory in Cartesian space
between goal and start poses. There are two options for giving a path

> constraint: - the *center* point of the circle: The planner always

Reviewer: I think there's a formatting issue here.

      position of the point

-  ``max\_velocity\_scaling\_factor``: rescale the maximal velocity
-  ``max\_acceleration\_scaling\_factor``: rescale the maximal acceleration

planning results in ``moveit_msg::MotionPlanResponse``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  ``trajectory_start``: bypass the ``start_state`` in
   ``moveit_msgs::MotionPlanRequest``
-  ``trajectory/joint_trajectory/joint_names``: a list of the joint
   names of the generated joint trajectory
-  ``trajectory/joint_trajectory/points/(positions,velocities,accelerations,time_from_start)``:
   a list of generated way points. Each point has
   positions/velocities/accelerations of all joints (same order as the
   joint names) and time from start. The last point will have zero
   velocity and acceleration.
-  ``group_name``: name of the planning group
-  ``error_code/val``: error code of the motion planning

Example
-------

By running

::

    roslaunch prbt_moveit_config demo.launch

the user can interact with the planner through rviz.

.. figure:: rviz_planner.png
   :alt: rviz figure

Using the command planner
-------------------------

> The *trapezoidal::CommandPlanner* is provided as MoveIt Motion Planning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *trapezoidal::CommandPlanner* is provided as a MoveIt Motion Planning
```

Pipeline and, therefore, can be used with all other manipulators using
MoveIt. Loading the plugin requires the param
``/move_group/planner_plugin`` to be set to ``trapezoidal::CommandPlanner``
before the ``move_group`` node is started.

To use the command planner cartesian limits have to be defined. The
limits are expected to be under the namespace
``<robot_description>_planning``. Where ``<robot_description>`` refers

> to the parameter under which the urdf is loaded. E.g. if the urdf was

Reviewer: Same for the other occurrences
```suggestion
to the parameter under which the URDF is loaded. E.g. if the URDF was
```

defined at ``/robot_description_planning``.

An example showing the cartesian limits which have to be defined can be
found in `prbt_moveit_config
<https://github.com/PilzDE/pilz_robots/blob/melodic-devel/prbt_moveit_config/config/cartesian_limits.yaml>`_.

Sequence of multiple segments
=============================

To concatenate multiple trajectories and plan the trajectory at once,
you can use the sequence capability. This reduces the planning overhead
and allows to follow a pre-desribed path without stopping at
intermediate points.

**Please note:** In case the planning of a command in a sequence fails,
non of the commands in the sequence are executed.

**Please note:** Sequences commands are allowed to contain commands for
multiple groups (e.g. "Manipulator", "Gripper")

User interface sequence capability
----------------------------------

A specialized MoveIt capability takes a
``moveit_msgs::MotionSequenceRequest`` as input. The request contains a
list of subsequent goals as described above and an additional
``blend_radius`` parameter. If the given ``blend_radius`` in meter is
greater than zero, the corresponding trajectory is merged together with

> the following goal in a way, that the robot does not stop at the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following goal such that the robot does not stop at the current
```

> goal. When the tcp comes closer to the goal than the given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
goal. When the TCP comes closer to the goal than the given
```

``blend_radius``, it is allowed to travel towards the next goal already.
When leaving a sphere around the current goal, the robot returns onto

> the trajectory he would have taken without blending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the trajectory it would have taken without blending.
```
